Login
	At the beginning of each session/ after 15 minutes of inaction, the user is redirected to this page to login into the app. 
	On the login screen, the user is required to input his/her user name and password. After which he would be directed to the dashboard.
	In cases where the user has forgotten his password, he could click on 'Forgot password' on the login screen
	
Dashboard
	1.
	On the side panel, we have the menu which links the user to various segments of the app
	Header 
	The header is accessible on any part of the app
		Search bar
		To the left of the header is a search bar which allows the user to search by name of customer, transaction reference, transaction type and phone number for any transaction
		After typing the search term, press on enter on your keyboard
	To the right of the header is the Account balance
	To the immediate right of the Account balance is round button that is represented by the user's profile picture or an avatar. Clicking on it, would open a dropdown menu 
	which affords the user the option of signing out or links to the profile page
	2.
	On the main page, we have to segments/cards.
	The blue card shows a graph of the current day's transactions. If the user wishes to see transactions of a particular day, he could do so by clicking the arrow next to 'TODAY' and selecting a day
	3.Underneath the blue card is the analytics card, which shows the graphs of the gross volume, payments and payouts
	Above the graphs are filters, which are duration, transaction type, transaction status
	The clear button, sends the graph to its default state
Transactions
Under transactions are 4 items, payments, payouts, jobs and disputes
Payments
	1.
	Here, we have all payments and queued payments
		All Payments
		A table of the last 50 transactions are shown here
		Click on the transaction to view that transaction's details
	2. 
	Upon clicking on the filter button, a dropdown with filter options appear
	3-7. 
	Check a checkbox to select an option you want the transactions to be filtered by
	Click Done or Clear depending on what action you want to take
	8.
	Click on New to create a new payment
	Fill in the form on the modal that appears
	Click initiate payment or cancel depending on what action you want to take
	9-10.
	Click on Export to download a csv file of transactions
	Fill in the form on the modal that appears
	Under columns are two options all and custom - custom affords you the flexibility to choose the csv columns that you want
	Click Submit or Cancel depending on what action you want to take
	11-12.
	Click on the overflow button at the end of a transaction to show options available for that transaction
		Open a Ticket
			In cases of a dispute/issue with a transaction, click on the 'Open Ticket'
			Fill the form
			By default the response is sent to the email that the account is registered with, however you are allowed to add emails that you want the response to be copied to
			Submit the form
			NB: All transactions with disputes/issues have a different backround and an exclamation mark
		Retry
			For failed transactions, a retry button has been added to retry the transaction
		View Transaction
			There are two ways to view the transaction's details - click on View Transaction or click on the transaction's table row
	13.
	All queued transactions can be viewed here
	Click on the transaction to view that transaction's details
	14-15
	Transaction Details
	All the payment details are displayed here - all SMS and emails sent after a payment,
	logs and events of a transaction and if a transaction has a dispute, the details are also shown here
	Refund, Open Ticket and Retry transactions are also posiible here
Payouts
	1.
	Here, we have all payouts, queued and pending payouts
		All Payments
		A table of the last 50 payout transactions are shown here
		Click on the transaction to view that transaction's details
	2-3. 
	Payouts consist of three options - payout transaction, buy airtime and bill payments
		Payout, airtime and bill payment
			Click on New to create a new payout
			Fill in the form on the modal that appears
			Click initiate payment or cancel depending on what action you want to take
	4.
	Here, payouts made by users who do not have approve/checker privileges are shown here for approved
	Select a transaction/ transactions you want to approve and click on the approve button
	Click on the transaction to view that transaction's details
	5.
	All queued payouts are shown here
	Click on the transaction to view that transaction's details
Jobs
Jobs are scheduled transactions for a number of people
	1-2.
	Click on jobs to access all jobs
	Click on the button on the transaction to show an overflow menu
	The overflow menu allows a couple of actions
		Edit Job
			There are two ways of viewing a job detail - clicking on 'Edit Job' or click on the job
		Delete Job
			To delete a job, click on 'Delete a Job'
			A prompt appears to ensure if you want to delete the job.
			Click 'Delete' or 'Cancel' depending on what action you want to take
	3. Create a Job
	To create a job, click on 'New' on the Jobs Page
	Fill in the form
	A job is created by uploading a csv file of contacts hence download the sample file and edit it
	Upload the editted file
	Click 'Save Job' or 'Cancel' depending on what action you want to take
	NB: Vodafone numbers are not supported
	4-5. View Job Details
	To view a job, click on the job
	Here, all the job details are shown here including all job runs, transactions and Subscribers
	Click on upload contacts to add contacts to a job
	Click on delete to delete a contact from a job
	Click on the download button on a job run to download all transactions under a run
	For a manual job, click on run job to trigger a job run
Disputes
Disputes are all transactions with tickets
	1-2. 
	All disputes are shown here
	Click on a disputed transaction to view its details
	Disputes can be filtered
ACCOUNTS
Fees
Fees are charges on every transaction
	1.
	All fees are shown here
	Fees can be filtered
	Click on the fee to view it's details - this takes you to the transaction's details
TopUps
TopUps are all transactions made to topup your flopay account
	1. 
	All topups are shown here
	TopUps can be filtered
	2. Initiate a topup
	Click on 'New'
	Fill the form on the modal that appears
	Click 'Initiate TopUp' or 'Cancel' depending on what action you want to take
Settlements
Settlements are transactions that are made from one account to another
	1.
	All settlements are shown here
	Settlements can be filtered
	2. Initiate a Settlement
	Click on 'New'
	Fill the form on the modal that appears
	Click 'Initiate Settlement' or 'Cancel' depending on what action you want to take
	
CUSTOMERS
All created customers are shown here
	1. View Customers
	To view all customers under you flopay account, click Contacts on the side navigation
		View Customer Details
		Click on the overflow button or the customer to view its details
		Delete a Customer
		Click on the overflow button
		Click 'Delete Customer' to delete the customer
	2-3. Create a Customer
		Click on 'New' to open the modal
		Fill in the form to create a customer with either their mobile number account or bank account
		Click 'Create Customer' or 'Cancel' depending on what action you want to take
	
FONEMESSENGER
Fonemessenger is a platform that allows users to send SMS to customers
	1. View all messages from Fonemessenger
	Click on Fonemessenger on the side navigation
		View Fonemessenger Balance
			On the right side of the header is the fonemesenger balance
			This amount represents the amount available for sending SMS on fonemesenger
	2. View Message details
		Click on the right angle icon or the table row to show the details of the message
	3. Top Up Fonemessenger balance
		Click on 'Topup' on the Fonemessenger page
		There are two options - 
			Flopay Wallet
			Select 'Flopay Wallet' to transfer money from your flopay account wallet to your fonemessenger wallet
			Fill and submit the form
	4. External Wallet
		Select 'External Wallet' to transfer money from your mobile money wallet to your fonemessenger wallet
		Fill and submit the form	
	5. Send a new message
		Click on 'New' on the Fonemessenger page
		There are two options -
			Single 
			Select 'Single' under the Type of message to send a message to a single receiver
			Fill and submit the form
	6. File Upload
		Select 'File Upload' to send a message to multiple people through csv
		Download a Sample csv file and edit it to suit your purpose
		Click on 'Click to upload' to upload the editted file
		Click 'Create' or 'Cancel' depending on what action you want to take
DEVELOPER
API Keys
	1. View API Keys
		Click on Developers and then click on API Keys
	2. View API Credentials
		Click on 'Reveal credentials'
		Fill in the form and submit
		The credentials would now be revealed
	3. Edit Callback url
		Edit the callback url
		Click on 'Save'
Events
	1.
	2.
	3.
Logs
	1.
	2.
	3.
Webhooks
	1.
	2.
Sandbox
	1.
	
BUSINESS SETTINGS
Account Set-up
	1.
	2.
Teams
	1.
	2.
	3.
	4.
	5.
	6.
Roles
	1.
	2.
	3.
Branches
	1.
	2.
PROFILE
Profile is a page that highlights details of the floplay account
	1. View Profile
	Click on the icon at the top right corner
	Click on 'Profile'
	2-4. View Client Profile Details
	This page shows the user's details including the deposit accounts, privileges and account services
	
